fix(atomic): pass rendering function down to instant result atomic-re… (#2257)
coveo/ui-kit: packages/atomic-react/README.md

However, this can be limiting and awkward to use in a React project using JSX.

For every element that use this interface, Atomic React exposes a wrapper - `AtomicResultList`, `AtomicFoldedResultList` and `AtomicSearchBoxInstantResults`. These components require a `template` property that can be used in a more straightforward manner when coupled with JSX.

> The `template` property accepts a function with a `Result` parameter (`FoldedResult` if using `AtomicFoldedResultList`), which can then be used to conditionally render different templates based on properties and fields available in result items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `template` property accepts a function with either a `Result` parameter in the case of the `AtomicResultList` and `AtomicSearchBoxInstantResults` wrappers, or a `FoldedResult` parameter in the case of the `AtomicFoldedResultList` wrapper. Use those parameters to conditionally render different templates based on properties and fields available in result items.
```
(assuming I understood correctly)
